Sister.
♪ In this vast world. ♪
♪ There are many people in it. ♪
♪ In the midst of this crowd. ♪
♪ Meeting you is a miracle. ♪
♪ Your birth place, language,
and the look of your eyes. ♪
♪ Your feelings, dreams, and personality. ♪
7th accident in Ibaraki Prefecture.
A collision between
a bus and a truck.
A first-year student from
a nearby high school,
Horikawa Naoki was involved
in the accident.
He died just after arriving
at the hospital.
Police suspect it is an
accident or suicide.
Have you heard?
He said maybe it was suicide.
What are you talking about?
It was definitely a suicide.
He said it himself.
So, how are you?
How about treating us
at a restaurant?
I want to have dinner.
Do you?
I don't have much time.
You've got a little bit?
Okay?
- No.
- Why?
Hey, you.
Hey, what are you doing?
What is it?
Sister.
Help me.
I'm sorry.
Naoki.
Are you okay?
Uh, what?
Sorry, Shun.
It's okay.
You just kept saying "sorry".
Horikawa... that...
Just call me Anna.
What is wrong?
How is it?
Ah, yes. It's really a very
thrilling game.
I was very surprised.
It seems Shun has talent
in this area.
There is more talent also...
...now that you are here.
Simply hiding in the next room.
For example, if we continue
that way...
...might be one way, right?
So, should we go back to where we
were going the wrong way?
No need to go back again, but...
But?
When there are no more doorways...
...then there's another way
if we do not give up.
This is a program designed
to be dynamic.
A dynamic program?
Yes.
Horikawa just now could not
get out of this room, right?
If you take this option...
[Exit The Room]
[Open]
[Do Not Open]
We can get out of it.
How to explain it?
Opening the closed door itself...
...is having the courage to go forward.
Courage to go forward?
Yes.
Actually, besides this place...
...there are no other games
programmed like this.
For example, this wall cupboard.
There are also programs that
are somewhat different.
In this table there is
a hidden item.
This scar. How?
It's okay.
Not anything really.
You've been with me for this.
Now what?
The game is really fun.
Today, thanks to you...
...I can talk to you,
and I am very happy.
You just moved here so there is
a lot you do not know.
Please do not hesitate to ask
about anything, okay?
Yes.
Let's walk home together.
I have a little more work
to do first.
Go ahead and go.
Okay.
See you later.
Bye.
She said I was talented.
What are you doing?
In a place like this.
Nothing.
Yeah, Shun?
You're shaking.
Not feeling well?
I have to go home.
You seem to be ill.
It's better to lie down.
Give it back!
You're interesting, too.
Escape games.
It's yours then?
It seems interesting.
Stop!
What the hell is that?
I'm sorry.
I want to hurry home.
Mama must be worried.
Start again Takeshi,
momma's boy.
That's why you were
bullied by Takuro.
It's not like that!
- I have a busy schedule.
- I know.
Takuro.
Come on, work... work...
Opium again?
Don't say that.
Better not here, Takuro.
What are you afraid of?
This place.
Nothing is wrong with this place.
Secretly hidden here no one
will ever find it.
We also spread the story this place
is haunted, right?
Yeah right, Mika?
JAIL HOUSE
But...
Takeshi.
Calm down a little.
Stop being so worried?
We are friends, right?
Yes.
So pleased, yeah, friend?
Hey, hurry up.
It is getting dark.
Takeshi, push it.
Mama ~
Noisy.
Takeshi is very afraid and does
not want to go.
I'm didn't say that.
This place is very creepy.
Hiroshi.
What are you doing
at our place?
Oh, sorry. I thought this
was abandoned.
Don't be difficult.
What are you doing
here, I said?
What do you know about
the complete metamorphosis?
What?
The larvae turn into adults.
Do you not feel it's a great mystery?
A caterpillar turns into a butterfly.
I came here to investigate.
I recently found a beetle bomb.
When he was in danger...
... toxic gases would come
out of his tail.
Toxic gas from his ass.
You believe that?
It is a great mystery, isn't  it?
And also... when he was
caught and helpless...
... it was actually very funny.
I do not want to know about insects,
but about you.
Ah, sorry.
I'm not interested in human ecology.
Including myself.
Not interested in yourself?
You're kidding?
Look at your faces.
Very scared, huh?
I'll be back after stashing this stuff.
You wait there.
No one is allowed in.
Mika, let's go.
I'd rather be waiting.
Hurry.
Hey, Takuro.
What should we do?
Good question.
First, there was the sound of the door.
Now the voice from within.
Interesting, isn't it?
I'll check it out.
That...
You all are really weird!
It's so eerie being in a
dark place like this!
Takeshi, wait!
[Number Unknown]
Hello?
[Outside Service Area]
[Cannot Contact The Network]
[No Signal Available In Your Area]
[Redial]
Hey.  Hello!?
What is this?
No signal! Shit!
- Takuro definitely...
- Takuro!
Hurry and finish.
Takeshi, what was that thing
just now?
Takeshi!
Go!
What happened to you?
Calm down!
Why can't we open it!?
Takeshi!
Wait!
Shun.
Anna.
Anna, why are you here?
I want to check something.
Besides that,
what happened just now?
Takeshi looked very strange.
We saw it, too.
I don't know what it was.
Something we've never seen before.
But...
...I felt I've seen it before.
Where have you ever seen it?
I don't know.
Get out of here, Anna.
I feel something bad.
But the door can't be opened, Shun.
I've checked all the others.
How can...?
Let's go.
Better to call them all back here.
Shun, come on.
Follow me.
This place is hell!
Takuro! Takuro!
Where are you?
I don't want to stay here anymore!
Do not want to stay!
Tell me, what happened?
Damn!
The door...
...the door opened on its own.
Right here.
Okay.
Put the goods here.
I'm not feeling well.
What's the matter now?
It is true. I feel bad.
I didn't want to come here, either.
Then...
I know this place is creepy, but...
...what makes you feel uncomfortable?
Mika.
What do you think
is here?
Ghost.
There is a ghost?
Very funny.
How many years have I not even
mentioned that word.
Good for you.
Do not be stupid now.
Let's get this done.
I'm going down.
You wait there.
Mika, what happened?
Something strange
is in this building.
It saw me.
Calm down now.
Maybe there is someone here.
Don't!
We must leave immediately.
Do not go, Hiroshi.
Do not startle people, stupid!
Takeshi.
Hey, Takeshi!
Something is here with us.
I saw it.
Takuro saw it.
It's true.
-  Naoki got injured, also.
- Takeshi!
If you talk about it anymore...
...Takuro will kill you.
Takeshi.
There is no point hiding here.
Come out first.
I'm thinking...
...the rooms here are very strange, right?
Yes, strange.
Hey! Takeshi!
I want to stay here.
If we do not go home...
...our parents will start to
worry and look for us.
Therefore...
...they will certainly find us here.
So until then...
...I'll wait here.
I do not want to wait here.
I want to get out of here
as quickly as possible.
The same with me!
Well, I understand.
We will pick you up
when we leave.
After we leave, we will
tell your family.
Takeshi, before then...
...you wait here.
Understand?
Takeshi.
Can you lend me that?
Take it.
Thank you.
Bye... coward.
What is it?
Anna!
How did you get here?
- There's something...
- You should speak clearly!
Didn't you find anything strange?
That...
...entrance suddenly could not be opened.
The other one?
There is one person
who is very frightened.
Where is Takuro now?
I don't know.
I lost him in the middle
of the journey.
Takuro might know something.
Takuro, you are actually...?
Enough.
I want to go home.
Why do I have to be in a
horrible place like this?
Takuro, you're why
we're all here.
Hello...? Hello...?
Do you hear me?
In JAIL HOUSE.
Just behind the abandoned factory.
Hello? Hello?
Damn!
Hey!
Takeshi.
Takuro!
What is it?
Are you okay?
Takuro, let's get out of here.
There is a monster!
What's that noise?
Let's see.
Help me!
Takeshi!
What's happening, Takeshi!?
Takeshi.
He was eaten alive.
I don't know what it is, but we
have to get out of here now.
Key to the entrance?
Takuro had to bring it, right?
Where is Takuro, Mika?
I don't know.
We split-up back inside!
Mika!
We have no time left.
Just now Takeshi was brutally
murdered, you know?
What are you hiding?
Actually, why was Takuro here?
Nosy!
You do not need to know.
What are you hiding?
What do you mean?
That was what Takeshi said.
Does Naoki's accident mean anything?
"If you keep talking like this
Takuro will kill you."
That's what you said, right?
I don't know.
What is Takuro doing here?
I do not know anything.
It has nothing to do with me!
Tell me about Naoki!
I told you I do not know!
Mika!
Shun, we also have to...
Shun.
Shun!
Anna.
We have to get out of here!
Am I dreaming!?
This feeling.
This atmosphere.
I feel it, too.
Just like games which I
have made.
Who?
Takuro!
Mika, you have...
...not kept watch above?
Listen to me, Takuro!
Takeshi is dead.
He was killed.
What the hell is that?
Inside this place is a monster.
If we stay any longer we
will all die.
Ghost then?
Mika... you...
Too much use of drugs?
I'm serious!
I understand you keep
watch up top.
I will be done soon.
I'll see you shortly.
Wait a minute.
I do not want to wait, Takuro.
I cannot stand it anymore.
May we leave?
May...
May... whatever.
Bye, Takuro.
Why? Can't wait?
This place...
Anna, was...
Can you pull out a book with
me at the same time?
This book.
I understand.
1... 2...
This?
Key?
I think so.
As in the game?
Why?
Shun...
Anna.
Run!
What is this?
Takuro?
Hiroshi?
Mika?
Mika!
Are you there?
Mika?
Mika!
Open.
Further to piano room.
Shun, open the door.
It's Mika.
Shun!
Don't do it!
That is not Mika!
Anna, Shun... help me.
Anna, why?
Shun, Mika would not call you.
Please, believe me!
She wouldn't call me?
Shun!
Shun, Mika would not call you.
Help me!
Blue demon!
Anna!
Right here!
Here...
Inside this is a handkerchief.
Shun!
Quick!
Hurry, Anna!
Mika.
Shun...
Where to next?
The piano room.
Clean piano with this handkerchief.
A secret code will appear.
The code to unlock it from the
vault in the next room.
We could find the key.
Then go to the tool room and
open the carpet.
There will be the entrance
to the basement.
Earlier...
...how could...
...you know it wasn't Mika?
Shun...
You look like Naoki.
You've never heard about him.
About my brother...
...Horikawa Naoki who
died 6 months ago.
He was two years
younger than me.
We attended the same school.
As we got older...
...we always fought.
Naoki...
...was often bullied.
I...
...I knew it.
I repeatedly asked Naoki...
...to tell me what had happened.
But...
...he always said "It's okay".
And smile.
He said "It's okay" with a smiling face.
It was all a lie.
You are very similar to Naoki.
Such is Naoki.
Did Naoki like it?
The blue demon... earlier it also...
What I've said...
... do you believe me?
Anna! Thank goodness.
You okay?
Hiroshi.
Mika.
Hiroshi, it's still possible to
get out of here.
I understand.
Let's go.
Still not you?
Takuro...
I cannot stand it anymore.
Come on...
Allow?
Mika.
I also cannot stand
it anymore.
Anna... this...
...this is the game.
Game?
Since this is a game.
It's too unreasonable.
Further...
...to the tool room.
Then open the carpet.
And we will find the door
to the basement.
Anna.
Let's end this game.
Come on.
The door is already open.
Let's go.
Why do you come in here?
It does not matter.
Why?
Why did you come down here?
If you do not run away with us...
...you're going to die.
Die?
Huh?
What nonsense is that?
Did you kill him?
You...
I do not know what you mean.
Anna.
Your brother.
He committed suicide.
I just bullied him a little.
I'm going to stop this!
Yeah right, Shun?
Shun?
Yes.
This is a game created by Shun.
Game?
Do you like games like this?
You do not mean it like...
You... against Shun.
Anna.
From Shun Shun Shun had continued...
Really very disturbing.
Say...
What do you mean?
Turns out I was right.
In there...
...since when did you know?
Shun.
Stop the attitude.
Horikawa Anna.
What was that?
Takeshi!
Shun...
Anna...
Shun, Mika will not call you.
Not call me?
Just now...
How do you know it is not Mika?
Am I dreaming?
I'm not so sure.
Do you believe what
I am saying?
Seriously?
You know too much.
You can not leave here alive.
Shun.
It may be hard to believe...
...that it is Takuro who caused
my brother and your death.
He did it all!
Shun.
My name...
...she uses in this game
without permission.
Really pisses me off.
Shun is...
...here now.
Then?
Ghost then?
No point. I do not have
time to play with you.
When I came here he stayed
by my side to help me.
Always.
He thought he was still
alive just like us.
That's it, Shun.
But, forgive me.
I already knew...
...when I first came here...
...Shun, has been...
Shun...
Thinking back...
...immediately hide the body...
...and we could have
all gone home.
I just...
...I could just let it die happy.
You're better off dead.
Better that I die?
The one who will die...
...is you.
No. You will die.
Help me! Help me!
Hiroshi!
What?
Hurry!
Now, Hiroshi!
Hiroshi!
Anna.
You go first.
No! Quick, Hiroshi!
Anna!
Go.
Get out alive.
Run!
Shun.
I do not know what to do.
I do not know.
What do I do?
I do not remember.
Anna.
Anna!
It is our own choice.
We can get out of it.
Naoki always...
...smiled and said, "It's okay".
He said "I'm okay"
with a smiling face.
It was all a lie.
Anna!
Clearly in pain.
It's okay.
Why?
Why didn't you say something?
Anna.
Come on.
Shun.
Anna.
What is it?
Are you okay?
Sorry.
Very frightened then?
No.
I just...
...think of too many things.
Courage to go forward?
True.
Dynamic program.
Yes.
Shun.
My brother...
...I could not help him.
You can tell me anything.
Anything.
Thank you.